docs: adding documentation for Advanced network tab (#5104)
eclipse/kura: docs/gateway-configuration/vlan-configuration.md

# VLAN Configuration

> For devices using Kura built on a Generic Profile, it is possible to configure multiple VLAN interfaces. Take a look at our [installer profiles](../getting-started/install-kura.md#installer-types) to know which are supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For devices running Kura installed using a Generic Profile, it is possible to configure multiple VLAN interfaces. Take a look at our [installer profiles](../getting-started/install-kura.md#installer-types) to know which are supported.
```
